c:\users\paradox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\bin\Debug\CompViewer.exe.config
c:\users\paradox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\bin\Debug\CompViewer.exe
c:\users\paradox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\bin\Debug\CompViewer.pdb
c:\users\paradox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\obj\Debug\CompViewer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\paradox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\obj\Debug\CompViewer_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\paradox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\obj\Debug\CompViewer.g.resources
c:\users\paradox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\obj\Debug\CompViewer.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\paradox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\obj\Debug\CompViewer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\paradox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\obj\Debug\CompViewer.exe
c:\users\paradox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\obj\Debug\CompViewer.pdb
c:\users\paradox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\paradox\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
C:\Users\Paradox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\obj\Debug\View\Pages\Connexion.baml
C:\Users\Paradox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Paradox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\obj\Debug\View\App.baml
C:\Users\Paradox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\obj\Debug\View\Pages\Connexion.g.cs
C:\Users\Paradox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Paradox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\obj\Debug\View\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Paradox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Paradox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\Paradox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
C:\Users\Paradox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
C:\Users\Paradox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\Paradox\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CompViewer\CompViewer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
